hey everybody welcome back to run lane
plays the binding that northern lien
plays the binding of issac afterbirth
plus we lost last round but we lost on
delirium it's kind of like a weird thing
for me to bring up because we should
have won against delirium but we never
should have gone to the void in the
first place
the m16 h77 see so it's kind of just
like an all-over sloppy play but I made
it in a weird way like in real life this
would make it sound way worse but
because we're playing a video game it
makes it sound better I did it out of
pride like we had already beaten the
rest
here's let me throw something out there
a compromise and it's only for
ego-driven fools like myself however I
am what I am and that's all I am what if
your streak incremented when you beat
blue baby or the lamb and then if you
got a void portal you could go and try
to beat it as a bonus but it didn't
compromise your streak I'll take mini
monstro mini monster it's pretty good
that means if you choose not to go
you're not the bad guy now I know that
in the most recent afterbirth plus
booster pack it actually allows you to
have achievements active while you are
playing the game at least after you've
beaten mom's heart so I know like some
people have said like it's going to make
achievements a little less important I
guess my response to that is how do you
make something less important than zero
important but I digress
important to some people not important
others maybe that's the kind of thing
that could be introduced in that in a
mod I have no idea of course that adds
in all sorts of I don't know like it's
going to say ethics concerns we don't
really mean it like that you know
security concerns where you're like I
don't know maybe NL just modded a streak
in to be ninety or something after you
lost your honor I have no idea what this
entails in the long run but you know I
had hope at this point if you watch
1,500 freakin episodes of me play in
this game you would trust me not to fake
a win or something like that just to
increment the freaking street but anyway
the distance I feel like that's an
elegant solution you know to
to make it so you automatically will not
automatically make it so when you beat
blue baby you get the streak increment
and then it's like a bonus round to see
if you can be delirium then I would
always be like unless I've run this
garbage and I'm about to dive regardless
let's go buy delirium if the run has
like literally any chance or I mean even
if it doesn't but you at least have HP
to survive a couple of rooms might be
worth taking a crack at it anyway last
run this is not excusing some relatively
sloppy play on the delirium fight
specifically but doing some late-night
Isaac right now I normally record you
know late morning early afternoon food I
will be happy with pentagram doing a
little bit of a later run it's not late
a nice 1020 you might hear my voice a
little bit on the quieter side honestly
I'm trying to be quieter in videos to
begin with first off because people tell
me I'm clipping and that's that's bad
but also whiskey is tired man after a
for a long day of basically shouting
voice gets tired and I'm feeling it more
than usual lately I'm not sure if I'm
starting to come down with you know some
kind of spring allergies or something
like that but finish the day and look
Mamet throws like a little bit soaring
that get a better vocal hygiene regimen
you know I need to have like some tea
with ginger and honey or something like
that it's like the only and I don't mean
this to be offensive but it's the only
home remedy I believe in a whole
heartedly whenever people are like oh
yeah man I get sick I've just fart on a
garlic clove and then eat it I'm like
that's ridiculous
look I love the d6 I love to d4 too but
I like really love to be sick so let's
stick with this but when people are like
oh I just put like you know ginger tea
honey and lemon in a cup with like some
black pepper drink it clears you right
up I'm like you know what I believe you
100%
maybe that's fair maybe it's not but
it's the way I've chosen to live my life
um we should check for a battery charge
because charge because magic fingers is
effectively completely worthless here
five cents is good if only for the
ability to buy a spirit heart from the
shop which might be advisable and we got
a lot of HP there
of course it also does give us the
ability to get an arcade but not for a
couple of floors so we do have a silver
chest a holy chest an angelic chest I
don't know what you want to call it I
just know the satyr makes it takes a
man's life nick nolte Tropic Thunder
real Renaissance for that movie now that
it's on Netflix great film
I saw a trailer for it when I was in
college I don't remember what movie was
in front of and to a certain extent I
feel great personal shame for that we
don't need to buy a spear in our anymore
I remember looking at the trailer be
like this movie looks like trash then it
came out and I was like all the reviews
are really good and then I watched it
like opening weekend and I was like this
is one of the best movies of the last 10
yea I wrote it in my best movies of the
last 10 years list that's a joke I don't
have one of those maybe I did I sure as
heck wouldn't show you I stepped on the
spikes I'm not proud of it but it's
better to embrace the situation as it
exists and try to fight against it we
got three bombs out of it there really
we're just looking for I mean if we got
a battery charge that'd be sick but I'm
gonna go back for a battery charge as
soon as I said it I was like that's the
right call I wish it weren't but it is
the right call so we'll go back there is
a battery charge you know what I'm going
to go a little bit more aggressive we've
been very nice to our donation machine
lately and now it's time to pay the
piper so we want to get to 20 cents I
would say that is likely now we only
need two more cents
so a 20 cents 22 now we have more
options and then we get the reroll now
the weird thing about this is that we
don't want to use the reroll right away
we might end up having having a deal
with the devil that's more valuable for
us to rerolls we can reroll three items
that are all take about then that's a
better option for us than just ensuring
that we rolled the item room most of the
time I think it
we really like it so far if nothing else
this run can definitely highlight the
power of mini monster or little monster
which is just crushing it right now we
probably just want to take both of these
i mean empty vessels great it would be
nice to lose enough HP to fly but
guppies hairball is an enabler PJ's is
great with these because it gives us
extra spirit arts on top and we can use
those spirit arts to sustain us while
we're in the empty vessel state smart
fly is actually pretty good as well and
we'll move along here sadly without too
much of a damage bonus except for a
pentagram but you know mini monster is
helping out a lot as well we got a good
deal with the devil chance because of
precedent and the the pentagram here and
we got a couple of transformations on
the on the backburner I would say if we
can get another one item for each of
those or either of those then we'll
start to think about those a real
possibility but for now we're really
just rolling with what we got and
feeling relatively good about it I don't
do a run you know handle the
fundamentals and that's why I another
reason at least I didn't want to take
the d4 d4 is great in fact as I've said
many times it's probably almost too good
I don't know what you do about that
because I mean that was a bad addicted
pill but I don't want it to change
because it being good in an extremely
long term offsets the incredible
short-term pain of getting a terrible
roll so like I don't think you can just
be like hey make it a 12 room charge
because then if you re roll into
something garbage it sucks and it takes
away the reward for people like myself
who are like yeah you know well weather
the storm of some crappy d4 rerolls
to get to something amazing but what I'm
just trying to get at here that I did
not get rid of the d4 because I wanted
to win I got rid of it because I wanted
to play a game you know I'm always like
you in the movie metaphor I've never
seen it but I'm familiar with the
concept of the film you me and Dupree
Matt Dillon aka the scumbag private
investigator from the Something About
Mary you
also in the outsiders as well as singles
I believe you know the seminal reroll oh
that's the moneymaker the seminal you
know movie about the Seattle grunge
scene who made that I know who made that
movie who made that movie give me a say
that Cameron Crowe singles not singles
in my area I was going to get me put on
a list isn't it 1992 film by Cameron
Crowe he's done it anyway let's get back
to business here now that I've turned on
cheatengine to give me good items um
wait did I say that out loud uh what was
I gonna say here Oh Matt Dillon yeah
Matt Dillon he's like a straight-laced
dude you know he's like I'm gonna go to
work honey and she's like wow what a
scrub you know but he's got a friend
his name's Dupree he's played by Owen
Wilson Dupree is like a piece of human
garbage you like you know lives on Matt
Dillon's couch and I don't know he has
like a smelly dog or something and he
sleeps with ladies on their couch even
though they got kids around it's kind of
like I mean I'm not saying that he
should be like king shame for but you
know it's kind of an uncomfortable
atmosphere of raise a child whom you
gotta you know somehow in
counter-intuitive lothario here said and
perhaps a bad example for your kids
having unprotected intercourse and then
on furniture you might still be making
payments on depending on the structure
of anyway when it comes to Isaac in real
life I'm a Matt Dillon but in Isaac
sometimes I can be a Dupree I think
that's pretty obvious but I got to be
Matt Dillon on this run that seemed like
a smart idea to me although we are
getting further and further from you I
know that most of the time on the
internet that phrase ends with God's
light every day we get further and
further from God's light usually
accompanying a picture of like I don't
know somebody jerking off in public or
something like that but we're losing our
ability to get to come
empty vessel which is why I'm going to
take ghost baby because I'm kind of like
we might as well
we're basically we're killing it on HP
you guys ever seen runaway jury maybe
they could be my next film metaphor
that's a good movie man runaway jury
Dustin Hoffman gene Hackman to people
with man at the end of their last name
at the top of their game doing a
serviceable job bringing a John Grisham
page-turner to the screen don't forget
who's the female lead in that movie
racial vice you know it to be true you
might have said Catherine zeta-jones you
would have been incorrect she was in
intolerable cruelty sounds a little
similar both have to deal with legal
stuff came out in the same year
one of them's the Coen brothers joint
though runaway jury is a good film
I don't know how Mema bêlit is you know
some movies long after release have
become memes in the Internet era there
is a part where Gene Hackman goes you're
losing me my jury and I'm like clearly
that's me me bull but I don't know you
can't force them you got to let a mean
season and develop by itself you're just
going straight into the fire my man oh
no baby what is you doing anyway if you
haven't seen runaway jury like don't
rush out and see you it is 14 years old
I mean I haven't seen it in a long time
but it's good but it's more of like a at
this point catch it on cable you know I
would recommend it though if you find
that if you find yourself not doing
anything else and you've decided to give
up for the rest of the day I don't mean
that as a bad thing right after this
video I'm going to give up what am I
going to do I don't fold some laundry
play some Mario Kart for a few hours as
is my my god-given right
I've worked today that's about it anyway
I wish I had more to add to that but
there isn't that enough in today's
society I went downstairs and got the
pizza when the pizza came that's that's
enough for one day's work mom I
shouldn't have to mow the lawn I got the
pizza when the pizza came well son I pay
the property tax
yeah but I put the toilet seat down
after I urinated well I have the deed
cool is my bedroom those squatter's
rights so we just had whiz I don't think
it's the right call to take it I don't
really want to take tourists but I also
don't want to be the guy who turns down
invincibility but I rewrote both of them
nonetheless so straight-up daddy
longlegs I think is better and they're
both fun but mysterious liquid is more
fun in my opinion they're both good
though I want to get that across here
I'm not saying mysterious liquid is
better than daddy longlegs I think
there's some situations in which it is
this might not be one of them to stay is
like neutral as possible but you know
it's because the daddy daddy's long leg
daddy
yes that's correct daddy's long leg not
daddy longlegs anyway that's the real
thing you know the union's out
everywhere they got spies everywhere
looking out for slanderous daddy
longlegs verbiage their words not mine
so we've got no we do have 14 cents okay
so let's re-roll dibs because this is
garbage and then we're just going to buy
this and get out of here run is good by
the way
like actually completely good especially
against enemies that are on the ground I
would like to get a rate of fire
increase but it's not compulsory for us
to win another battery charge there but
it still might be worth it because we
probably do want to reroll little Chad
unless we get a deal with the devil and
the deal with the devil gives us dark
balm or we somehow lose like to spirit
arts over the remainder this fight we
might get a little spooked but HP is
pretty good right now we probably want
to reroll that but first you check this
demon baby is okay but I'll go for the
one reroll and I think that that was
worth it and then I will rear ol little
Chad ah we got it here's upgrade so
basically it could not have worked out
better for us than that that was smart
play and it worked out well for us now
we got non-stop deals with the devil and
the deals of the devil are not by the
way maybe I'll play the appearance
changer at some point
I'm Hank Hill man I only care about the
propane of the propane accessories in my
family I don't care about you know Hot
Topic Sephora makeup table over here I'm
a I'm a Wrangler man
we're Levi's 501s and whatever they sell
in the pudgy boys category of Target
those are my clothes it's my uniform
when I go to work and that's what
they'll bury me in hopefully in like a
million years when the earth gets hit by
an asteroid we'll see uh two stone
chests you gotta look sorry
that's pretty great both of those are
like completely acceptable head of the
keeper plus making sacks out of some of
the pennies you heard the song making
love out of nothing at all by air supply
this isn't that we're making sacks out
of pennies it's like the supply chain in
the process of development is very
simple to be honest with you even a
child could figure it out I don't know
why hey you're having so much trouble
with it honestly it's kind of offending
me we're going to keep this moon card in
case that's not abundantly clear the
moon card this is the utmost importance
because we would like to use our moon
card to get out of boss rush assuming we
can actually use it properly I'm
probably some people out there I I know
I don't make these videos for you I just
wanna I want to sell my whole audience
out but no I mean I do make these videos
for you but also for me and you know for
the Government of Canada so I can
continue to pay my way to exist in this
country but I also make them as if I'm
talking to younger version of myself
because I've I understand what I'm going
to colloquially call like summer
vacation mindset
and that's you know I don't know about
you guys I wouldn't say it was
particularly spoiled it wasn't like I
was on my super sweet 16 but when I was
growing up like I didn't get a summer
job until I was like 17 I did work a
little bit through college university
but it wasn't like I can't frame it like
I struggled through college and
university so for those of you who do
that I have the utmost respect but it'd
be disingenuous for me to say that I did
okay we need another battery charge
where's this going well it was the whole
point of this is that when I was in like
high school I wake up at like 10 a.m. my
mom would already be at work and
sometimes she'd call around lunchtime
right and she'd be like hey can you like
put the can you take the chicken from
the freezer and put it out on the
counter well you know what let's go
three dollar bill man we need the
offense and we even by need I mean we
sort of want the offense moon I precise
yeah we want to be on the moon I mean I
guess your mom it's 11 a.m. this seems
pretty reasonable and then you know you
hang up the phone and you're like oh I'm
gonna go make a sandwich oh let's play
some you know the NBA 2k four or
something like that we care we don't
care let's save our money for now just
grab this and then you forget and she
comes home at the end of the day and
very nicely she's like what the heck man
you had one thing to do I was at work
for like seven and a half hours and an
hour lunch break I had to eat it with
people and may not even like that much
you're complaining about how you've got
one job you got to take meat out of the
counter you were probably standing in
the kitchen we had a phone call this is
the pre cellular telephone era least you
know in my household the pre cellular
telephone era but what I'm the tangent
to pull back for this is that range plus
luck we could use the luck these are
both abilities to fly I'm a little
offended we're going to reroll both of
them and it was a tough call actually to
choose two reroll both of them because
if we had taken one a reroll the other
we could have put ourselves an empty
vessel state it genuinely is a tough
call I'm just going to take the lock
upgrade um but I think there's something
about like chore
momentum I think about this a lot
actually and I don't even mean it
sarcastically for once I actually think
about it from time to time I think if
you want someone to do something first
off don't just tell people to do things
that's pretty rude but what I mean here
is if you have like a subordinate which
is an offensive way of saying you know
an employee basically or if you want to
structure your own life more
productively the worst thing you can do
is give yourself one job for a whole day
by the way I'm not excusing myself I
should have been less lazy put the
chicken out on the kitchen counter more
quickly like this very simple job I
would I would kill for that job now I
mean I have free room and board all I do
is put the chicken on the counter so
someone else could cook it for me what a
lovely existence thanks mom
you bitch obviously joking I yesterday
was Mother's Day I called my mom said I
love you mom you bitch no this is this
is borderline uncomfortable for me
anyway hmm the worst thing you can do is
give yourself like one thing to do
friends for a day my theory and I don't
know if it's backed up by anything set
my own anecdotal experience but is that
any way you know there is actually I
forget the principle there's like a
pseudo scientific principle that's like
the amount of time it takes to do
something expands to the amount of time
available which is like the commonly
used analogy is like if your teacher
gives you an assignment that takes if
the amount of actual work on it is going
to be like two hours and then he or she
gives you a deadline that's like a week
in advance you'll have it done in a week
if she makes it two weeks in advance or
two weeks later I should say you'll have
it done in two weeks you know the idea
being that people procrastinate and then
the procrastination is fundamentally I'm
going to pick this up just to use it at
Gees why though luck upgrades are we
even going to make bombers at this point
a little tight
go for broke let's go people
procrastinate I understand that I've
done it myself many times in my life
including recently why do we have 17
damage now why do we have 17 damage on
that room that was sweet
can we go back to that we've irked up a
friends till the end pill that's not
that bad okay let's give this a try
anyway what I was going to say is uh you
gotta like get some momentum like if I
have to do if I have one really really
important thing to do on a day and
nothing else first off it's a pretty
good day but it can be stressful you
know I'm one of those people who making
a single phone call is like more
stressful than 10 hours of work but we
definitely want this we don't need the
spear in our it's going don't make me
laugh I got empty vessel now and we'll
take the soul along with it because it's
a beautiful item then we'll bounce
okay I'm dude this is like really good
mr. mega is fine by the way but I might
reroll it
we don't want transcendence don't be
silly anyway I'm getting sidetracked
here and again this is preachy and I
accept that and you're welcome to
completely ignore my advice that's a
very sensible approach as well but what
I'm going to say that's also not that
good let's take it and maybe we can
donate some at least we must have
swallowed a trinket that's giving us
these bonuses that I've since forgotten
anyway what I usually do is I stack a
front load my day and I'm I'm actually
if I can do my own word I'm a very
productive person as far as youtubers go
where I think I don't know people always
blow smoke up our ass they're always
like you talk to people in the business
and they're like use youtubers and
twitch streamers are the hardest-working
people I know
and I'm like a lot of us do work hard
but a lot of us don't do crap yeah a lot
of us are working like eight-hour weeks
man so like I can't tell if you're being
honest or disingenuous but you know in
terms of like output at least I I'm a
busy guy and I pride myself on being
busy sometimes to the point of being
deleterious but just just the way I'm
wired for whatever reason but I have a
energy as well I front-load my day so
that the easiest tasks are at the front
and what this means might seem
counterintuitive but if I was my mom I
would never
at least now in my life I would never
say that she was wrong with her
parenting strategy of course but I would
never make a phone call it's like can
you take the chicken out of the freezer
and put it on the counter there in a
reroll everything here you know it's the
incredibly low percentage gamble work
instead I'd be like hey can you mow the
lawn and also take the the chicken out
of the freezer and put it on the counter
because you know as soon as you hang up
that phone whoever you're talking to is
taking the chicken out of the freezer
and putting it on the kitchen counter
because that's the easiest job they can
have their to-do list just by doing one
thing that takes ten seconds all of a
sudden you're like I've accomplished 50%
of my goals and then maybe they do where
they don't do the you know mow the lawn
or whatever but you know you've done one
task if you got one thing like you and
I've lived this life you know in college
in particularly okay is Sunday all I got
to do today is do the laundry
probably applies to some of you out
there right now doing a lot of people
active like doing the laundry it's a
major chore by the way if you don't do
your own laundry or you've never done it
I'm going to reveal something to you
doing your laundry is is the easiest
chore in the world you throw your
clothes in the washer then when the
washer beeps you throw your clothes in
the dryer and then when your dryer beeps
you fold the clothes it takes the
folding of the clothes is the only part
that takes like any length of time
longer than 30 seconds so laundry is a
very very simple chore which is why I
volunteered to do it at home all the
time it's a hundred times easier than
doing the dishes even if you have a
dishwasher in my opinion least but I
digress you know it'll be Sunday all I
got to do today is do the laundry it's
1:00 a.m. that didn't do the laundry how
does that happen we got one thing on
your to-do list and then your time
expands to fill that one thing there's
that thing expands to fill all that time
rather I should say now you can even go
the opposite way in this as well you can
put too many tasks on your daily to-do
list and then it's like if your mom
called you and she was like hey honey
I know it's your summer vacation you've
worked really hard to get straight B
pluses this year in high school but
could you like mow the lawn do the
dishes you know blah blah blah you'd be
like I'm just gonna get a job cuz I mean
I would maybe that's her goal in the
first place in which case good honor but
she's mine flooded you
she's a your you're not her intellectual
equal she bested you and quite frankly
it's not a surprise she's probably like
three times your age right she's got
wisdom
anyway you know but you're gonna you're
going to be less inclined to do anything
I think you you know if I get it to do
is like ten things on it from somebody
I'd be like come on you didn't break
this down into meaningful chunks it's
like instead of giving me chicken
nuggets you just gave me one breaded
chicken loaf it's not the same thing no
matter how much they try to tell you it
is so I don't want to lose empty vessel
but we will still keep the ability to
fly because we're copy and then we'll
roll that and the pacifiers are good
enough peer down so all their tears off
I should say so I'll take it anyway so
that I've spent like four floors very
inefficiently telling you about my
strategy to maintain productivity that's
that's it and then the other thing so
the step one for actionable stuff put a
task at the start of your day so easy
even a child could do it
for example record the daily in the
binding of issac after birth plus it's
usually the first you know work-related
tasks I knock out on a daily basis gets
you then you get going you get in a good
mood to work unless you add a daily like
I've had recently which mostly we're
great but I messed them up it could be
it could be the easiest thing in the
world could be reply to this email you
know you just want to do something that
you still at the start of your day
pretty early on where you don't say out
handle this later alright now you got
that done don't put too many tasks on it
you know highlight before five things
you need to get done on a daily basis I
promise you other stuff will come to
fill it up and if you got extra time do
your laundry it's not that difficult
that's what I'm doing right after this
my life is going to be much better
having folded the laundry in the dryer
move the load from the washer into the
dryer and then folding that load when
it's done in an hour then it would be by
playing one extra GP of Mario Cart
although I promise you I'm still going
to be playing that Mario Cart tonight
there's time if you manage it there's
time enough for everything I well many
things please I assure you we don't have
a child that would be a nightmare
perhaps one day but for now you know
there's a Patton Oswald joke is like we
have a baby who's called ten hours of
sleep a night that's the other thing you
want to be productive ten hours of sleep
at night really helps everybody is in a
position to do that probably right oh
look at this I'm joking but probably not
in generating myself well to the rest of
the world here what is a engender mean I
always use that in gender meaning cause
or give rise to a feeling they were not
engendering Goodwill yeah okay that it
makes sense you know we're not giving
rise to the feeling of goodwill so we
are going to fight each other now we're
going to fight the hush on this one and
we took Eden's blessing not for the
tears up so much is the so much is the
extra item on the next run spirit odds
are good here
spoon benders great and then we crack
into these I think we would maybe used
ice shard but we should pop the world
card like or drop it in here I should
say this is a very very good run now and
then sure we roll everything else
beepers I is not great
at this point I mean with nuns ever we
might have a choice but doesn't really
matter that much see we got going on
here so I'm trying to see what effect we
have from whatever Oh do you know what
it's three dollar bill that's adjusting
our stats okay
that's why we have 13 damage sometimes
that's pretty good I mean it's very good
especially when you consider that we got
a hive mind coming along with it we're
doing a lot of damage this is a slight
Redemption on this run again I hope
doesn't come across as preachy you know
I've had a lot of lazy times in my life
and I actually really respect the
therapeutic value of laziness I think
even more so than a lot of people and I
mean that sincerely although it might
seem kind of silly you know working hard
at something important something that
you're passionate about that's number
one number two is not necessarily
working hard at something you're not
passionate about number two might be
laziness
you know there's value in laziness I've
been so lazy sometimes that you get
bored of Recreation I think that's a
dangerous symptom as I in the DSM 6.9
you know if you're if you're bored with
your with whatever you're doing for
leisure on a consistent basis maybe your
OD'ing on boredom a little they try to
shift a little bit into the upper
category if possible but you know it's a
complicated size you're talking about
human motivation and drive and emotion
inspiration stuff like that I see it all
the time successful people make posts
like so it's very self-serving they make
posts like never lose your hunger you
know you could do it just drive to
succeed you know they make it seem like
on the one hand I get it it's very it's
a motivating tool and yeah you are going
like hey never lose your hunger that's
important you see it in YouTube a lot of
people you know working jobs they don't
really like that much and then they get
to the point where there
big enough to move onto YouTube the
first leg couple of weeks so they're
doing it or and even you know months
they're doing it they're hungry I don't
want to go back to swabbing the poop
deck I deliberately chose a job that
doesn't exist anymore really to be
respectful except like a highly
disrespectful to poop decks whoppers but
anyway and then you get used to it it's
sort of like you know step one if you
find yourself complaining about like oh
you know somebody left shitty comment
and you're like well you know it does
suck but it's part of the business and
I'll take this and then you're like long
you know I'm not really working as hard
as I used to and you just you'll lose
that track that's important but at the
same time it's so self-serving to be
like you want to be successful stay
hungry I want to see a day in your life
mister stay hungry because when you tell
people staying hungry is like the most
important thing in the world you're
leaving yourself open you telling me you
know with the big celebrity for this is
Will Smith and I'm not insulting Will
Smith at all
Will Smith is always like without
insulting him but I really do have
nothing against him I just have a
personal you know quibble with this he's
always like you know when I was a kid I
only cared about two things reading and
running because reading you got that
voice in your head that tells you to
stop cuz you're bored and you just keep
doing it and running you got that voice
in your head that tells you to stop
because it hurts too much you got to
learn to push through those two voices
to be successful I was like man first up
great quote the same day there's
alliteration in everything it's got the
whole nine yards right Beelzebub we did
get Beelzebub I was like you're going to
tell me if I go back to Will Smith when
he was 16 80% of the time it's a man
we're never going to get to use it but
80% of the time that dude is reading or
running that's ridiculous that's just
nonsense that at that point becomes like
unproductive I'd be like this man he's
an obsessive we got to get him some
therapy or something there's never a day
that wouldn't sixteen-year-old Will
Smith took in a little bit of the
devil's lettuce
never date sorry can't too busy run it
and reading I don't want it to affect my
Bo to max say that's an honorable reason
to abstain but at the same time I don't
buy it dude I think that's a little bit
of retconning you know I work hard now
I'm not going to tell you like the
secret to success is always grinding
anybody tells you the secret of success
they don't know what they're talking
about most of the time I think there
were days in college I watched like 11
movies that's too many movies don't do
that that's my advice the roads of
success is not paid with 11 movie days
but you know if you don't have too many
of them you'll probably be fine as well
anyway we won this run what a strange
set of commentary for now thanks for
watching I hope you enjoyed it if you
didn't click the like button help set a
great deal of course subscribe you wanna
see more in the future but for now
thanks for watching and I'll see you
next time